Updating docs to match updated sample code (#4506)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/typescript/nexus/feature-guide.mdx

Note that this is the deadline for the current _request_, not the overall operation.
Use it to make decisions about whether to start work that may not finish in time, or to set timeouts on downstream calls.

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries.
```

> Use the Nexus library (as shown below) to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the workflow ID is derived from the client ID, with the method "get_workflow_id" converting a given client ID (in this case, the client is passing in a user ID) to generate a workflow ID from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Nexus library, as shown below, to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the Workflow Id is derived from the client Id, with the "workflowIdForUser" method. This converts a given client Id (in this case, the client is passing in a user ID) into a Workflow Id.
```

> This way the client only needs to know about the identifier they care about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the client only needs the identifier it cares about.
```

> [nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/main/nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts)
```

> [nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern/service/handler.ts)

Reviewer: I fixed this link, but it does just go to a blank file. 😅

Author: All the sample code is checked in - I should have warned you that it wasn't there yet, I'm sorry about that!!

```ts
import * as temporalNexus from '@temporalio/nexus';

function workflowIdForUser(userId: string): string {
  return `GreetingWorkflow_for_${userId}`;
}

export const nexusGreetingServiceHandler = nexus.serviceHandler(nexusGreetingService, {
  getLanguages: async (ctx, input: GetLanguagesInput) => {
    const client = temporalNexus.getClient();
    const handle = client.workflow.getHandle(workflowIdForUser(input.userId));
    return await handle.query(getLanguagesQuery);
  },

    ...
```

> There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging/callerpattern/) and [on demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging/ondemandpattern/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging/src/callerpattern) and [on-demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/nexus-messaging/src/ondemandpattern).
```

> Caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing workflow, while the on demand pattern shows how to start a workflow through Nexus and then send signals to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing Workflow, while the on-demand pattern shows how to start a Workflow through Nexus and then send Signals to it.
```

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
